---
sticker: emoji//2600-fe0f
---
[[Session 8]] - _FLASHBACK QUEST:_ Rumble in the Rubblebelt**
      - On the eve of the [[Rauck Chauv]] holiday, [[Rin]], [[Sanis]], and [[Varis]] made their way to [[4th District]] of Ravnica to get special kegs of beer for [[Ogre’s traveling tavern]]. At one of the border towns to [[The Red Wastes]], which looked deserted due to the raids, the group found a food stall and a tavern to pick up kegs of beer.
    - While they waited for the bartender to bring the supplies, they witnessed a raid break out. Nearby, an [[Izzet]] scientist with guards was being attacked, so the group jumped into action. However, it was not soon enough, as her guards were killed and a certain object she was holding was stolen by a Gruul Spellbreaker that had made its escape. After the rest of the [[Gruul]] were disposed of, the Izzet introduced herself as [[Dalya Bara]], the eccentric, fireball-tossing Izzet League Engineer. [[Sanis]] was skeptical of Dalya, not exactly liking her attitude.
    - “Borrowing” the bartender’s horses, the group made their way to the Red Wastes. They arrived at a bramble forest, where Dalya guided the group with a lightsaber. They eventually came to a clearing, where they met two [[vine blights]] who demanded sacrifice. The group sent Dalya to grab a horse to sacrifice.
    - Upon arriving at a crater, the bottom of which was a sewer and sewer channel, Dalya suggested the group pick up hydra spines while she made her way to the tunnel exit. A giant hydra with multiple heads knocked over a building and began chasing the group. The group escaped successfully and exited into the [[Skaarg]].    
    - At the check point to [[the Rage Pits]], their hydra spines made the Druid guard immediately go prostrate and bow to them. The group make it over to the center of the Rage Pits (a fighting, barbaric arena), where Sanis negotiated for Dalya’s mysterious object. [[Rin]] and [[Varis]] were vomited on by a cyclops when they walked over but then the group managed to persuade the Gruul to give the object in exchange for their [[hydra spines]].
    - On grabbing the object from Rin, Dalya transformed the object into a giant mech walker, Emla. Boarding the ship, the group manned the gunning cockpits that shot out lightning bolts. They made their escape, shooting lightning bolts at the chasing Gruul and [[Borborygmos]], their clan leader, himself.
    - After escaping, they picked up the horses and met with the bartender back at town. In exchange for the group’s help, Dalya wrote a voucher for a drawer of holding for the tavern and a voucher for the bartender for an Izzet horse. The group then loaded [[Emla]] up with the kegs and mugs and Dalya dropped the group off with the rest of the party in the [[9th District]].