---
sticker: emoji//2600-fe0f
---
[[Session 11]] - Visions of Conviction**
- The session opens with the group asleep. In their [[Dreams]]...
- Collectively, they all dream of the black-robed wizard. By their side, the group sees [[Liliana]], the black witch from before, and the artificer. The black-robed wizard notices the group just before the scene ends.
- [[Ogre]]'s dream morphs into a scene at [[Rod]]'s hut, his childhood home. It's familiar scene to Ogre: Rod organizing and sorting mushrooms at the kitchen table, with Ogre playing around. However, this time is different, unbeknownst to Ogre. Rod (or maybe not Rod) began asking him questions about why Ogre liked to play games and what Ogre got out of winning. Rod-not-Rod notices their ring on Ogre’s finger and smiles. After Ogre expressed his friends and having fun as his reason for playing games, Rod-not-Rod then advised Ogre to continue playing and journeying with the group, as there will be a game he will eventually play which he cannot lose.
- [[Varis]]' dream transforms until he looked around, finding himself on a small island in the middle of a clear lake. In the distance, he saw an ominous pair of horns. He felt peace and tranquility, a calm only really obtained by the highest level of [[Selesnya]]ns. He then saw an individual in white and turquoise robes that began speaking to him and addressing him as “my child.” Known to many as "[[The One Who Waits]]," the figure asked Varis if he wondered where he came from and if he ever had a desire to gain power and knowledge. Varis answered that he was content with where he was in life. Unamused, The One Who Waits told Varis that he will need to wonder, as he will eventually have his part to play in the times to come.           
- The group then all woke up and discussed what to do next. After some silly breakfast conversation, the Breakfast Club eventually decided touch base with the group of heroes, the [[Gatewatch]], at the [[Selesnyan Conclave]].

- In front of [[the great tree of Vitu-Ghazi]], Sanis began to get a feeling of unease, while he also spotted the doctor that performed on Salena. Rin sensed a thread emanated from him and Vitu-Ghazi.
- The group tells the Gatewatch that they have been having dreams of the plane [[Planes of The Multiverse/Arcavios]] and [[Strixhaven]], which prompts [[Chandra]], the fiery red Planeswalker, to depart for Arcadios immediately. Before she leaves, she gives [[Orphie]] a fire whip and promises to teach her how to use it when she is back. They are also introduced to the green-robed elf, [[Nissa]], who is fa friend of the Selesnyan Conclave and member of the Gatewatch. [[Ajani]], another member, advised that he is going to the plane of [[Ixalan]] to investigate abnormalities over there. [[Gideon]], another member, and Nissa stated that they were going to stay on the plane of [[Ravnica]] to help out and investigate any remaining threads as to why someone would want [[Jace]] dead and the [[Guildpact]] shattered.
- Orphie attempted to do a vibe check on the remaining members of the Gatewatch to understand their intentions and determined that the Gatewatch were all well-intentioned heroes that only meant to do good for the multiverse.
- [[Sanis]] resolved to go after the doctor that operated on [[Salena]] and question him. Sanis found and grappled the fleeing doctor, but as the rest of the group caught up to him, Sanis passed out. The thread connecting him to Vitu-Ghazi overpowered him.
- In a trance-like state, Sanis found himself in a cavern of true darkness with Salena. Salena expressed that she was scared and glad that Sanis was there to protect her. After attempting to run, Salena mysteriously said that there was no need for him to go home, as she was already there. She then transformed into a massive, half-rotted giant and crushed Sanis, waking him up.
- After waking up, the group interrogated the doctor and found that a figure similar to Sanis told him to fail the operation. The group then resolved to go to [[The Red Wastes]] to investigate the [[Izzet]] guild and [[Niv Mizzet]]’s stolen [[blueprints]] after a long rest.