---
sticker: emoji//2600-fe0f
---

**[[Session 2]]: Sausages and Seizures** - The ominous vision of the five, magically-restrained, robed figures still fresh in their mind, the group made their way to [[Old MacDonald]]’s farm to return his “farming” tools. - MacDonald rewarded the group with hot sausages and Old MacDonald’s official stamp of approval: a [[Rakdos]] insignia with a sausage in its mouth. He also told the group that [[Jace]], the Living [[Guildpact]], is back on the plane, and that there will be a celebration in two days. - As the group arrived in the main city of the [[8th District]], they heard rumors that the Curator, proprietor of the [[Emporium of Wonders]], was in town. While checking into the Lawmaker’s Rest, the group noticed a mysterious man cloaked in black and blue. - After speaking to Tyra, MacDonald’s sausage seller in the Emporium, the group headed to the [[Selesnya]]n stall to book a vision reading appointment. Unfortunately, their stop was interrupted by the mysterious cloaked man from before and another figure, this one cloaked in blue and white. [[The Breakfast Club]] pursued the pair, witnessing the first man, a Dimir agent, steal a red and blue pair of goggles from the second, an Azorius man. - The [[Azorius]] man turned out to be [[Dovin Baan]], the current guildleader of [[Azorius]], and also the Curator they had heard about. After the city guard paralyzed [[Orphie]], who had grappled Dovin, [[Sanis]] was incapacitated by [[Lance]]’s Tasha’s hideous laughter powder, and [[Rin]] was shot down by the city guard. [[Ogre]] and [[Lance]] submitted themselves willingly, and the entire group was arrested, save for [[Varis]], who thought on his feet and cast Invisibility.